Friday in Lincoln it's Iowa Nebraska and
you know Iowa nice guy is licking his
chops this week is finally here
Iowa matches up with Nebraska on Black
Friday and what everyone I know is
calling the Iowa nice-guy Bowl let's
preview the game the hot guys are coming
off a nice win against a wounded
Michigan team they seem to know their
identity and are playing within
themselves Nebraska has been reeling all
season from the coach saying this about
their fans the Husker legend Tommy
Frazier criticizing Bo Pelini is
coaching calling for his job multiple
times and Frazier knows a lot about bad
coaching as he went 3 and 17 as a head
coach so this game matches up a 4 loss
team that knows its identity and a 3
loss team made up of players who
misspelled their identity on the SAT we
get a lot of hate around here from bug
eater fans that like to point to history
and I was placed in the hierarchy
compared to Nebraska's well here's the
little history over the last 11 seasons
Iowa has four top-10 finishes in the AP
poll on Nebraska as exactly 0 Nebraska
is favored in this game since its in
Lincoln and they should be Memorial
Stadium is a tough place to play it's
filled with mullets neck beards and
that's just the women of course it's
also Thanksgiving a time traditionally
set aside to bond with your adversary
and to make peace on the other hand the
games the day after Thanksgiving so
screw it since everybody's calling this
the Iowa nice-guy Bowl I thought it was
prime time to bring back everybody's
favorite gimmick booze with the beard go
to Iowa nice guy calm down load this
photo then take a picture of me with you
at your favorite tailgate or watering
hole then tweet it out with hashtag
booze with the beard until next time on
college football daily I'm out oh there
you go I would like to take a moment to
say that at one point this summer I did
enjoy one beverage with Iowa nice guy in
Nebraska believe it or not he actually
puts in the line at the picture well
glass roof